---
layout: post-release
title:  "Presser 02"
date:   2017-01-16 08:00:00 -0400
categories: ["media-releases"]
tags: ["02", "gotta havva pizza","fleming-college", "ibm"]
author: PTBO Game Jam
code: 2017-01-16-presser-02
excerpt: "You are invited – Details, Free Food, Access!"
location: "Peterborough, Ontario, Canada"
image: 2017-01-16-presser-02.jpg
social: /content/img/post/2017-01-16-presser-02.jpg
pdf: 2017-01-16-Presser-02.pdf
icon: wpforms
breadcrumb: blog
titlebar: title-009.jpg
---
_Peterborough, Ontario – January 16, 2017_ – Armed with the knowledge that more than half of Canadians identify themselves as ‘gamers’, the **PTBO Game Jam** is returning to Peterborough this February to bring together seasoned developers, students entering the industry, hobbyists and enthusiasts alike.  

Set for **Friday, February 17 to Sunday, February 19, 2017** at Fleming College’s Kawartha Trades and Technology Centre, **PTBO Game Jam 02** will showcase the unique talents of game developers, both local and from across Ontario, with the goal of engaging the community with the video game industry – an estimated $84 billion industry which is predicted to top the $100 billion mark come 2019.  

**PTBO Game Jam 02 details will be provided to the media Thursday, January 19, 2 to 3 p.m., at Gotta Havva Pizza, 1524 Lansdowne Street West (Unit 4) in Black Diamond Plaza. Food and refreshments will be provided with event organizers present for interviews.**  

Hosted by Peterborough-based game development studio [dotBunny](http://dotbunny.com), **PTBO Game Jam 02** will see game developers – programmers, designers, artists and others in game development-related fields – plan, design and create games in a specified time frame with prizes awarded for the top team and individual efforts.  

In addition, **PTBO Game Jam 02** will present an event-opening educational component for participants. Featured will be Robert French, who will lead a seminar on the steps and process involved in making Pac-Man, and Angela Hopewell of IBM Canada, who will talk on the role IBM can play in the game development process for developers, both new and seasoned.  
<br><br><br>
**PTBO Game Jam History**  

With the goal of fostering a local game development community and benefiting future generations of game developers, **Matthew Davey**, the founder of Peterborough-based game development studio dotBunny, organized and hosted the inaugural not-for-profit **PTBO Game Jam 01** in August 2016 at the Holiday Inn Peterborough-Waterfront.  

Based on the overwhelming response to, and success of, that initial foray, plans were made to host a follow-up event in early 2017. To that end, Davey has assembled a stellar team of industry professionals working together towards the continued success of the **PTBO Game Jam** to the benefit of the industry as a whole as well as participants. With close to 20 sponsors backing **PTBO Game Jam 02**, it’s clear their efforts continue to pay a huge dividend as it eyes the hosting of future events.
