---
layout: post-release
title:  "Details 02"
date:   2017-01-19 14:00:00 -0400
categories: ["media-releases"]
tags: ["02", "gotta havva pizza", "fleming-college", "ibm"]
author: PTBO Game Jam
code: 2017-01-19-details-02
excerpt: "The City of Peterborough declares February 17-19, 2017 the PTBO Game Jam Weekend."
location: "Peterborough, Ontario, Canada"
image: 2017-01-19-details-02.jpg
pdf: 2017-01-19-Details-02.pdf
icon: wpforms
breadcrumb: blog
titlebar: title-009.jpg
---
_Peterborough, Ontario – January 19, 2017_ – One number speaks to the success. 11 games created. Sleep? Not a wink.  

That was the bottom line in the wake of **PTBO Game Jam 01**, an inaugural August 2016 gathering which brought together seasoned game developers, students entering the gaming industry, hobbyists and gaming enthusiasts. Based on its overwhelming success, plans were quickly made to organize and present an even more exciting follow-up event.  

Fast forward to Friday, February 17 and the staging of **PTBO Game Jam 02** at Fleming College’s Kawartha Trades and Technology Centre at the college’s Peterborough campus – the theme of which will be revealed February 13 via social media.  

Over the course of the three-day event, hosted by Peterborough-based game development studio dotBunny, game developers – programmers, designers, artists and others in game development-related fields – will plan, design and create games in a specified time frame with up to four cash prizes awarded for the top team and individual efforts.  

A City of Peterborough proclamation declaring February 17 to 19, 2017 as **PTBO Game Jam Weekend** points to the wide demographic-spanning appeal of the PTBO Game Jam, the likes of which has never been presented in the city.

It’s also indicative of the huge, and growing popularity of gaming – more than 19 million Canadians identify themselves as “gamers,” participating, at some level, in an industry which is expected to grow to a startling $100 billion market value come 2019.  

But **PTBO Game Jam 02** isn’t all fun and games – an event-opening Educational Block will be featured Friday, February 17, starting at 6 p.m.

Featured will be **Robert French**, who will lead a seminar on the steps and process involved in making Pac-Man – his talk will be of interest to those motivated to create their first game – and **Angela Hopewell** of IBM Canada, who will speak to the role IBM can play in the game development process for developers, both new and seasoned. But Angela won’t be alone. Joining her will be a Watson powered robot Connie, presenting the first of a number of terrific weekend-long opportunities for media photographers and videographers.  

Admission to the event is free but pre-registration is required. Visit http://ptbogamejam.com/event/ and click the Register Now button. Youths, with adult accompaniment, are encouraged to register for just the Friday night Educational Block.

<iframe class="release-video" id="release-video" src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/199948787?api=1&player_id=release-video" frameborder="0" webkitAllowFullScreen mozallowfullscreen allowFullScreen width="100%" height="480"></iframe>
[https://vimeo.com/dotbunny/ptbogamejam02-teaser](https://vimeo.com/dotbunny/ptbogamejam02-teaser)
<br><br><br>
**PTBO Game Jam History**  
  
With the goal of fostering a local game development community and benefiting future generations of game developers, **Matthew Davey**, the founder of Peterborough-based game development studio dotBunny, organized and hosted the inaugural not-for-profit **PTBO Game Jam 01** in August 2016 at the Holiday Inn Peterborough-Waterfront.  
  
Based on the overwhelming response to, and success of, that initial foray, plans were made to host a follow-up event in early 2017. To that end, Davey has assembled a stellar team of industry professionals working together towards the continued success of the **PTBO Game Jam** to the benefit of the industry as a whole as well as participants. With close to 20 sponsors backing **PTBO Game Jam 02**, it’s clear their efforts continue to pay a huge dividend as it eyes the hosting of future events.
